Week 1
1. Made group.
2. After discussion, decision was made to complete topic 1.
To complete topic 1, we need some basic knowledge about dialog robot, which contains learning strategy, training set and so on..
3. Collect basic knowledge.
4. Try to find some examples.
On the following days, we need to decide which type of robots we need to do.


Week 2
1. We made the final decision to work on project 1, student-tutor dialog system.
2. We made a question set, which contains 8 courses, each course contains 20 questions. This is just a framework of training set. We need to fill the QA pool.
3. I write the Technical Details, Schedule and Team Skill Set parts of proposal.
4. I was trying to think about some creative points about the project. For example, a crawler to obtain real time data rather than existing QA pool(because the handbook maybe changes).


Week 3
This week, we have a hard start. The logical structure has some problems. In the beginning, I was trying to build an existing QA pool. However, it is almost impossible to collect every kinds of questions. Also, because of the question lack, it is unlikely to train a ML model to analysis the meaning similarity of keywords. So we changed our structure of question pool.

1. We need to build a new question pool, which looks like a keyword-synonyms pool. When the query comes, it will search all words and find the similar keyword by fuzzy search.
2. I modified the technical details part of proposal.
3. We are preparing to start coding. 
4. I tried dialogflow, realized that training set lack will lead to model training fail.
5. Trying to fill the new keyword-synonyms pool.


Week 4
This week, we were mainly focusing on building a development environment on Google Cloud and try to learn some basic knowledge about elastic search.
Detailed below.

1. Building a Google Cloud server.
2. Building Elastic Search with Kibana.
3. Building a basic knowledge base structure which contains three fields:question, answer and source.
4. Add some test data in it.

Besides, we overthrowed our previous data store structure. Instead, we are focusing on one course. We are trying to find QA set from forum and stackoverflow instead only from handbook. We are now building a document based NoSQL database which is a build-in database in Elastic Search. On the following days, we will concentrate on fill the database. 

Week 5
This week, I was mainly focusing on learning how to use elastic search to do fuzzy search. Besides, I updated the database. Put all forum data in the database.
Detailed below.

1. Build a more reasonable database.
2. Data Cleaning.
3. Put all forum data in the database.
4. Learn how to use elastic search to do fuzzy search( not finished yet.)

It is a brand new tool, so it takes longer than schedule to learn how to execute fuzzy search on elastic search. Sometimes, the result is not what I need. So it is an unfinished job. Next week, I will still go on that.

Week 6
At the start of this week, the server was deleted at all because of misoperation. So this week, we are focusing on rebuilding a new server with all services.
1. Rebuild the ElasticSearch
2. Since we have been provided with WebCMS3 forum data, so this time I only import StackOverflow data in the database. 
3. I have tried to load the given WebCMS3 json data but failed. Normal way to load the data is unlikely to load because of some format problems.
4. I was trying to add a stemmer to ElasticSearch to retrieve the stems of words. This will be a better way to support fuzzy search.
5. The functional ability of server is still not recovered completely. So I still need some time to recover it....

Week 7
After the server is recovered, I got the chance to rebuild a fully designed database. In the new database, I put a perfect stemmer and a search engine in it. Now it works well but still adjusting the params...
1. Rebuild the database.
2. Build a new frame database.
3. Set up the search engine.
4. write a script for searching.
5. There is a msm parameter, whose fully name is minimum should match, to control how many percents of keywords should be matched(or how many keywords). This is a vital parameter which can influence the search accuracy. I am working on find a proper number on msm. But still need some time..(unfinished work in this week). Until now, a negative percentage number for msm has the best performance....
6. In the next week, I will focus on build a fuzzy search engine called Soundex. It can find keywords which have the similar pronunciation. That will be better for voice search.

Week 8
In this week, my job is relatively easy. So I spent time on supporting other's job.
1. Improve the performance of ElasticSearch
2. Provide assistance on front-end developing.
3. Provide assistance on back-end developing.
4. Put ElasticSearch service on Flask to provide an access service between front-end and ElasticSearch.

Data quantity problem is still on working.. We are going to build a document database contains more than 10k data in it. Multi-source Q-A set will contain StackOverflow, forum, official document. In the following weeks, I will focus on help others to put all service on the server.

Week 9
This week , I mainly focus on some completion work.
1. Optimize Elastic Search
2. Provide assistance on components connections
3. Write report

Week 10
In this week, I found sometimes the server restarts and all service is down. So i write a automatically run script. When any service is down, it can be detected and restart.

1. write daemon script
2. Rebuild git repository
2.1 Create new branch
2.2 clean files
3. Put all service into server
4. fix some bugs
5. write report
6. Prepare demo