Week 1
	I made a group with three other classmates in the laboraty. Then we ask couples questions about two topics for understanding the requests of each one. After comparitions, we deicde to choose topic 1 for our team. We also try to search the tools for the project.
	Besides, we did some plan for next several weeks such as writing proposal.
Week2 
This week we meet on the lab and discussed the proposal and the key feature of our project. After some comparations, we decide to build a robot for the student-tutor chat robot since there are exiting resource for our project. Besides, we continued the discussion last week which about the chosen of database, different situation in the conversation, the problem of the number of questions in database, what function we need to accomplish and row design for the robot. According to the answer from tutor, we decided the basic design and assigned the task to everyone in the team for writing proposal.
Trying to finish my part and combine with others.

Week3
This week we meet before lab for finishing the proposal and discuss the problems so far. The design of the project has been decided and written into the proposal. We discussed some functions from the feasibility and complexity, then change some points in the architecture and proposal. We also thought about the possibility of the extra features which would be different with other teams. So, we add some more epics to the proposal for partial implementation and try to build a basic interface for testing the design. 
Still working on the project and try to use some skills of agile programming in it. But all of us agree to build the basic model for our robot, then try to make the software to be agile.

Week4
This week we finish the basic data extracter and partially compelete knowledge base which uses the source from the UNSW handbook for course infromation and the texts from the stackoverflow for some specific questions such as python.

We decide to use elastive search for data searching and extracting. The data would be transfer from our knowledge base to the elastive search's database for using in conversations. However, the algorithm is too simple so far, we plan to biuld more effiency method for data extract. The current idea is trying to use several key words on the course handbook and prepare some words with similer meaning for handling the different way of question from the user. 

Besides, we have accomplished some very basic design of our user interface.

Week5
This week I am still working on the training of our robot for general conversation and try to make a version for the web app.
The robot has been able to answer some basic questions, but it still need more intends for daily conversations. Base on our desgin, we would let the dialogflow robot to do this job.
From the dialogflow, I think we could use that to build our own talking section and conbine with other part such as es and crawel program.

Week 6

This week I have finish the training of our robot on dialogflow for genral conversation and keep working on the voice identy. The code could identy the voice already, but the problem is that the time used is too long. I consider that the reasion is the noise from enviroment. However, I would try to make it better.

On the other hand, we were trying to make a UI and test it with some backend functions. But there was an accident while we were testing. Luckyly, it didn't raise large number of issues. Because the different part could run by themselvies which means they would not be affected by some other error from different part.

Week 7

This week I was working on the combination of backend and frontend. 

There are some issues in the process since there is a totally different way to invoke the robot by using JavaScrip, so I tried to replace it to our robot directly, but it didn't work. Then I plan to use flask to build a semilar UI but easy to invoke the python code dynamically. 

I am still working on the flask staff, it does't go well since the parameter changed.


Week 8

This week transfer my chat robot which use dialogflow to the flask API by the advice from my teamate. Because it is easier to combin with our front-end.

After some tests and debugs, the API we write has been able to be used in our javascrip file which is the main controller of our UI. The UI could show the question from user and answer from dialogflow or elastic search. Although, there are still some formate problems in output from elastic search, those problems could be solved in few days. 

Week 9

Our group meet before the lab time this week for the prepare of the final demostration. 

I rewrite my code about the voice identity in html and Javascrip since the python code could not be applied properly in our system. The new programme did not affect other part of our robot, so there is not extra tests after the test about voice identity. The result of test is great. However it might not provide enough correctness for some abbreviation, it could handle the general question and transfer the data properly.

The prepare of the demo is almost done after the bug about the database fixed by my teammate.

Week 10

This week, we finished the final check of out code and solve the problems. So, we started to write the report for this project. According to the content of the simple report, we decide to split our porject to three components. I am assigned to write the second component which is the API written in the program. I wrote a basic instruction about the general talk and voice identity, but still working on the details. 

